hey guys rapallo here and today I'm
gonna have a chaos battlefield guide for
you the requirements to do this are that
you've completed forgiveness of a chaos
dwarf and I don't know the alphabet year
it is forgiveness chaos dwarf that's the
rewards if you care 30k hundred 30k
fire-making 30k strength to quest points
in the big one I can now access the
chaos dwarf battlefield all right so
yeah for gear you want to maximize
prayer bonus so I suggest either
barracks or prostate and if you don't
have either of those initiate I
Mavericks helm of Eric's Brassard and a
ver exploit skirt dragon boots tread and
gauntlets a ring well because yeah oh
well I have a dragon defender and an
abbey whip you can substitute those for
any weapons you want depending on yeah
he's a Godsword and you use a dragon's
give me a train strength if you want an
ancient cloak an ancient stole for the
prayer bonus my prayer bonus adds up to
25 for inventory I bring an Excalibur
because i don't have an advanced at
advanced enhanced excalibur i use that
for special because whip special sucks i
have 10 shark and the rest is prior
functions the head up so how do you get
there you ask you start in the GE and
you run over to wear this the GE tunnel
is you know see ya he didn't a hidden
trap door not really that he didn't but
yeah you go down here say yes i would
love to travel to kill the groom and
then you will appear in an underground
city riding a cart alright so
immediately after you get at it off the
cart okay you get off art you want to
run up here want to run north and then
you want to go through this is like
their palace place why not run
in here all right we're lagging all
right you want to run through here look
like I open the door for me someone okay
now that we're in I go to the right you
can go to the left it doesn't matter
basically the idea is you climb up stair
you climb up one of the stairs you run
all the way over and you go to the
opposite staircase so you appear on the
other side of killed a groom there's a
little friend I don't like Kraft and
Kyle apparently he likes to craft we're
lagging again what is with this lag
alright so here or almost there you just
want to run to the left over this little
building is this asshole shut the door
on me again I swear to God message him
and tell him not to shut doors on people
it's not plumb this store is an
automatically shut so that you can't get
here if you haven't got the quest but
those other two doors don't
automatically shut the guys just a
friggin retard and he's bringing on
mithril minute or whatever you can bring
out summoning familiar but I didn't feel
like bringing like bull ant because i
only have 40 2 summoning it and i'm not
gonna stay here long you can bring a
Minotaur I've never seen people bring
minotaurs a popular beast burdens I've
seen bunch of bunyips a lot of unicorns
and I yeah we're tortoises spirit tur
birds paki acts alright so right here is
the tunnel that you enter basically we
want to do we want to get for 20 minutes
the first 20 minutes everything will be
aggressive if you attack them besides
chaos wargs which happened of the best
drop rate of dredging pickaxe so you
want to kill those for 20 minutes and
then you can either continue to kill the
lows or after 20 minutes you can kill
chaos Kenan years which have a chance of
dropping during pickaxe as do the
dwarves but they also drop hand cannons
which at the moment or worth about 200 k
each and cannon shots they drop 100
cannon shots at a time and it's about 25
k / cannon shot
so you want to come in here and while
you're killing the cannoneers prey range
because they hit very slow but they can
it upwards of 400 on you okay these are
the Chaos War and sees the cannoneers
I'm gonna kill you I'm going to kill a
chaos for to show you guys come in here
use your Excalibur you're using that or
use your special weapon or whatever if
you attack k a cannoneer or a dwarf or
any of the Black Guard members which of
these guys in the beef when you first
enter the room in 20 minutes they're
going to become all aggressive annoying
things are you can get random events and
then it's going to in then you're after
I quate 20 minutes killing these things
again um when Yuri bank you can you can
log out as long as you stay in the world
like right now I'm in the world 77 so if
from I logged out to go get food and
come back as long as I was in World 77 I
wouldn't have to wait the 20 minutes and
for the purposes of the video I'm just
going to kill a cannoneer I've never
gotten a dragon pickaxe I've gotten
about 10 hand cannons and thousands of
cannon shots I just got 80 strength here
earlier today and yeah this can also be
pretty decent training if you get dragon
pickaxes I hear you can get them every
10 to 16 hours so being down here it's
that's a rough estimate it's really just
luck and you can make like two mil an
hour here if you get lucky dwarf cannon
you see how they're piling me right now
I you can get 20 to 20 min our two mil
here an hour if you had a dragon pickaxe
and basically normally you can make
anywhere from 500 to a mil an hour
depending on your hand cannon hand
cannon and hand cannon shot drums the
dorms will drop lots of seeds and dragon
well they won't drop a lot of driving
pickaxes but you either want their seeds
at drayton pickaxes they have nothing
else these things the cannoneers are the
most profitable so that's what I choose
to kill after 20 minutes
these level 48 chaos course are they are
known to drop the dragon pickaxe but
don't bother killing him because the
drop rates at least like one in 10,000
or something ridiculous is this the
dumbass pictures yeah that's Crafton
Kyle he's the dumbass he's all he's
actually using a method that I don't use
you can come in here with I thinking
that I think that's proselyte and then
when you need to heal just switch to
guff ins like he is now an attack gorge
or something and he'll on them like you
just did but yeah so thanks for watching
please comment rate subscribe may check
out my new facebook page which is going
to be a link to that it's going to be in
the description so yeah bye